{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 TiVo Butler
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs26 \cf0 A program to track programs on multiple TiVos and schedule downloads.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \'a9 
\fs20 Copyright 2008 Eric Shore Baur\
This application is licensed under the GPL.  Please see GPL.txt (distributed with this file) for more information on the license. If this distribution did not come with source, you can get it at\
	http://code.google.com/p/tivobutler/\
or contact the author at:\
	baurfamily@gmail.com\
	
\f2\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This readme is included with the beta download of the application.  If you downloaded this beta software and are reading this now, I humbly request that you share any bugs that you find with me.  Please e-mail me any issues that you find at my gmail.com address and/or log them at the website listed above (there is a section for reported issues).\
\

\b If you are currently using 1.0b:
\b0  This new version uses a slight different data store than the first one and there was no way for me to easily migrate data from the original version.  Consequently, you will need to delete the old data store before running the new vesion.  (It will work, but not save any data otherwise.)  To do this, go to your "Applications Support" folder and delete the "TiVo Butler" folder.\
\
If you find an issue that I can't reproduce, I may ask that you send me some information about the computer you are running on and/or logging information.  To facilitate this, I've included a logging application that you can use to collect runtime information about what is going on.  Start up the log viewer (before running TiVo Butler) and then go through the steps necessary to reproduce the issue.  When you quit the log viewer, it will save it's logs to your home folder, in Library/Application Support/BHLog Viewer/BHLog Viewer.xml.\
\
Note, you have to quit (or explicity tell it to save) before the XML file will be written.\
\
If you have any feature requests or other ideas, please let me know what you think.\
\
Thanks for you help!\
\
Eric\
}